---
layout: default
title: Fidel
---

I am a hospice volunteer for a local (volunteer) hospice. This means that I
spend 4 hours of my week helping an
individual or family that is dealing with a terminal illness. Today I'm here to
talk about Fidel and his family. And to talk about Fidel I think I really must
start by talking about Elena (Eileen). She is this wonderful woman that reminds
me quite a bit of grandmother. She is nurturing and really takes quite good care
of her husband. I cannot say enough good things about her. The moment I met her
she exuded this aura of unconditional love. She not only is taking care of her
dying husband, she also cares for her aging parents.

The first time I met them was when we had our meet and greet facilitated by my
volunteer coordinator. After my coordinator left, we ended up having a two hour
conversation. This was when I asked the pair how they met. A smile crept on
Eileen's face. With a smirk she jokingly asked Fidel if he remembered how they
met. A smile flashed through his eyes as he looked back at her. She then said,
"He almost ran me over!".

[I'm not sure exactly my goal of writing this is. Maybe it's just to keep things
fresh in my mind and allow me to process them on my time. I kicked some serious
ass last weekend. I've been wanting to buy a car for a while now and I've
settled on a BMW 228i. It is an expensive automobile and the most I've ever
spent on a car. Also, I get to pick it up in Germany!! How cool is that. It's
something that I have been wanting for a good while now. And I finally decided
to make it happen. ]
